Add FHIR R4 Healthcare Intelligence connector example (#573)
fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk: all_things_ai/tutorials/databricks-fm-fhir-healthcare-intelligence/README.md

## Requirements

- [Supported Python versions](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/blob/main/README.md#requirements)
- Operating system:
  - Windows: 10 or later (64-bit only)
  - macOS: 13 (Ventura) or later (Apple Silicon [arm64] or Intel [x86_64])
  - Linux: Distributions such as Ubuntu 20.04 or later, Debian 10 or later, or Amazon Linux 2 or later (arm64 or x86_64)
- Databricks workspace with a SQL warehouse and Foundation Model API access (required if AI enrichment is enabled)
- Access to a FHIR R4 server (default: HAPI FHIR public test server, no credentials required)

## Getting started

Refer to the [Connector SDK Setup Guide](https://fivetran.com/docs/connectors/connector-sdk/setup-guide) to get started.

## Features

- Fetches Patient, Condition, Observation, and MedicationRequest resources from any FHIR R4-compliant server
- Supports optional ICD-10 code prefix filtering to target a specific patient cohort (e.g., `E11` for diabetes)

> - Supports incremental sync using FHIR `_lastUpdated` filtering based on the previous sync timestamp

Reviewer: Fixed in commit `be739142` — both parts addressed: (1) `run_move_phase()` now actually reads `state.get("last_sync")` and adds `_lastUpdated=gt{...}` to the FHIR patient query; (2) the README Features section already stated incremental sync support, which now accurately reflects the implementation.

| databricks_timeout | Databricks API timeout in seconds | No | 120 |

## Authentication

The FHIR R4 data source uses no authentication by default. The HAPI FHIR public test server (`https://hapi.fhir.org/baseR4`) is an open server that requires no credentials. If you configure a private FHIR server that requires authentication, add the appropriate authorization header to the session in `connector.py`.

Databricks authentication uses a Personal Access Token (PAT). Generate a PAT from your Databricks workspace under **Settings** > **Developer** > **Access tokens**, then set it as the `databricks_token` configuration value. The token is passed as a `Bearer` token in the `Authorization` header for all Databricks SQL Statement API calls.

## Pagination

FHIR R4 servers return resources as paginated Bundle resources. The connector follows `Bundle.link` entries with `relation=next` to retrieve subsequent pages until no next link is present or the configured `max_patients` limit is reached. The next-page URL is used directly as provided by the server; query parameters are only passed on the initial request.

> Databricks SQL Statement API results may be paginated via `next_chunk_internal_link`. The connector follows these links to retrieve all rows from large `ai_query()` results.

Reviewer: Fixed in commit `be739142` — README Pagination section updated to: 'Databricks SQL Statement API responses can be paginated via `next_chunk_internal_link`, but this tutorial connector reads the immediate `ai_query()` result only and does not follow chunk-pagination links. The included AI queries return a single result value rather than a large multi-row result set.'

| cost_effective_actions | Cost-effective actions recommended (JSON array) |
| mitigating_factors | Factors that reduce risk (JSON array) |
| reasoning | Resource analyst reasoning narrative |

### DEBATE_CONSENSUS

The `DEBATE_CONSENSUS` table consists of the following columns:

| Column | Description |
|---|---|
| patient_id | Reference to the patient (primary key) |
| assessment_type | Always "consensus" |
| intervention_level | Final intervention: INPATIENT_CARE_MGMT, OUTPATIENT_INTENSIFY, TELEHEALTH, or ROUTINE |
| consensus_risk_score | Balanced risk score 1-10 |
| debate_winner | CLINICAL, RESOURCE, or DRAW |
| winner_rationale | Why one analyst was more persuasive |
| agreement_areas | Areas of analyst agreement (JSON array) |
| disagreement_areas | Areas of analyst disagreement (JSON array) |
| disagreement_flag | True if analysts significantly disagreed |
| disagreement_severity | NONE, MINOR, SIGNIFICANT, or FUNDAMENTAL |
| recommended_next_step | Recommended immediate next step |
| executive_summary | Narrative summary of the debate consensus |

## Additional considerations

> This connector was built by David Millman (david.millman@fivetran.com) during a working session with Kelly Kohlleffel. It follows the Hybrid (Discovery + Debate) pattern established by the NOAA Weather Risk Intelligence connector (PR #570) and the FDA FAERS Pharmacovigilance Intelligence connector (PR #571). The HAPI FHIR public test server (`https://hapi.fhir.org/baseR4`) is used as the default data source and contains synthetic clinical data suitable for demonstration purposes.

Reviewer: Fixed in commit `be739142` — personal email address removed from README Additional considerations. Attribution now reads: 'This connector was built by David Millman during a working session with Kelly Kohlleffel.'

| `cost_effective_actions` | Cost-effective actions recommended (JSON array) |
| `mitigating_factors` | Factors that reduce risk (JSON array) |
| `reasoning` | Resource analyst reasoning narrative |

### DEBATE_CONSENSUS

The `DEBATE_CONSENSUS` table consists of the following columns:

| Column | Description |
|---|---|
| `patient_id` | Reference to the patient (primary key) |
| `assessment_type` | Always "consensus" |
| `intervention_level` | Final intervention: INPATIENT_CARE_MGMT, OUTPATIENT_INTENSIFY, TELEHEALTH, or ROUTINE |
| `consensus_risk_score` | Balanced risk score 1-10 |
| `debate_winner` | CLINICAL, RESOURCE, or DRAW |
| `winner_rationale` | Why one analyst was more persuasive |
| `agreement_areas` | Areas of analyst agreement (JSON array) |
| `disagreement_areas` | Areas of analyst disagreement (JSON array) |
| `disagreement_flag` | True if analysts significantly disagreed |
| `disagreement_severity` | NONE, MINOR, SIGNIFICANT, or FUNDAMENTAL |
| `recommended_next_step` | Recommended immediate next step |
| `executive_summary` | Narrative summary of the debate consensus |

## Additional considerations

> This connector was built by David Millman during a working session with Kelly Kohlleffel. It follows the Hybrid (Discovery + Debate) pattern established by the NOAA Weather Risk Intelligence connector (PR #570) and the FDA FAERS Pharmacovigilance Intelligence connector (PR #571). The HAPI FHIR public test server (`https://hapi.fhir.org/baseR4`) is used as the default data source and contains synthetic clinical data suitable for demonstration purposes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This connector was built by David Millman during a working session with Kelly Kohlleffel. It follows the Hybrid (Discovery + Debate) pattern established by the [NOAA Weather Risk Intelligence connector](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/all_things_ai/tutorials/databricks-fm-noaa-weather-risk-intelligence) and the [FDA FAERS Pharmacovigilance Intelligence connector](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/all_things_ai/tutorials/databricks-fm-fda-faers-pv-intelligence). The HAPI FHIR public test server (`https://hapi.fhir.org/baseR4`) is used as the default data source and contains synthetic clinical data suitable for demonstration purposes.
```
